Superdense coding kata finish (#1479)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/superdense_coding/protocol_e2e/index.md

**Input:** Two classical bits to be transmitted.

> **Goal:**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Goal:**
```

Put together the steps performed in previous tasks to implement the full superdense coding protocol:

> - Prepare an EPR Pair

Reviewer: We've not used this term here before, so let's stick to terms we used
```suggestion
- Prepare a Bell state.
```

> - Encode the two classical bits in the state of the pair by applying quantum gates to one member of the pair,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Encode the two classical bits in the state of the qubits by applying quantum gates to one qubit of the Bell state,
```

> - Decode the two classical bits from the state of the pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decode the two classical bits from the resulting state.
```
